docs: contributing get started new content (#3744)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/contributing/get-started.mdx

and
[pictograms](https://www.ibm.com/design/language/iconography/pictograms/contribute)
on the IBM Design Language site.

## The process

Whether you're sharing a proposal or contributing code, designs, and
documentation, there's a process to follow. Here's what it looks like:

### Volunteer for existing work

One way to volunteer is to look through
[existing GitHub issues](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22community+contribution%22)
labeled with `community contribution`. You can also filter by role:
[developer](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22community+contribution%22++label%3A%22role%3A+dev+%F0%9F%A4%96%22_)
or
[designer](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22community+contribution%22++label%3A%22role%3A+design+%3Apencil2%3A%22+).
Put a comment in the issue saying you'd like the help.

The Carbon team is also happy to help you find a good first issue. Just stop by
our [office hours](https://carbondesignsystem.com/whats-happening/meetups/) or

> send us a slack message.

Reviewer: Should this link somewhere, so they know how to send us a slack message? Maybe here? https://carbondesignsystem.com/help/contact-us/#slack-channels

### Submit an idea

Have a new idea that you think would benefit Carbon? Or do you need to report a
bug? First, be sure to look through the
[issue backlog](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues) to make
sure it is a novel idea or bug. Then, file your proposal on GitHub using the
[issue templates](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues/new/choose).
If you're willing to work on this idea yourself, be sure to let is know in your
issue! Your idea will then go through a triage process by the Carbon team.

### Iterate and get feedback

Most contributors work in groups of 2-3 and either set up weekly sessions or
join [meetups](https://carbondesignsystem.com/whats-happening/meetups/) such as
the Figma Guild, Data Viz Guild, or office hours. In these sessions, it is
common to share work in progress and ask lots of questions. As you make
progress, update your GitHub issue.

### Review and published

> Most work that results in code will be reviewed directly in a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Work that results in code will be reviewed directly in a pull request.
```
Not sure we need "most", could also be "All work." or "Any work.."

Author: Thanks! I changed it to 'Work'

Maintainers will be reviewing your work and making comments, asking questions
and suggesting changes to be made before they merge your code. When you need to
make a change, commit and push to your branch normally. Once all revisions to
your pull request are complete, a maintainer will squash and merge your commits
for you.

For work that does not have a code deliverable, such as revisions to Figma
libraries, ask the Carbon team how to finish your contribution.

### Contributor License Agreement

> The Carbon core team works for IBM. To accept contributions, we need a signed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Carbon core team is part of IBM. To accept contributions, we need a signed
```

Not sure my suggestion is better, but "works" for makes it feel like we are outside contractors.

---
title: Get started
description:
  The Carbon Design System is made possible through a vibrant community of
  designers and developers. Anyone can contribute code, design, documentation,
  and ideas. Here's how you can contribute, too!
---

<PageDescription>

The Carbon Design System is made possible through a vibrant community of
designers and developers. Anyone can contribute code, design, and documentation.

</PageDescription>

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Get started</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Contribution gallery</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Carbon champions</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Types of contribution</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>The process</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Get started

If you're interested in getting involved but don't know where to start, welcome!

> Designers and developers like you help to make Carbon great, and so we're glad

Reviewer 2: > Designers and developers like you help to make Carbon great, and so we’re glad you’re here.

Do you mean the above^ or do you mean "...and we're so glad you're here." Could be either but just wanted to double check with you.

Author: Good catch! I meant the later.

bandwidth.

### Component enhancements

This work involves enhancing our components in code, like adding new features or
variants. Designers are often responsible for researching UX and visual
solutions and then creating a design spec for developers.
[Here are issues](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22proposal%3A+accepted%22+label%3A%22community+contribution%22+label%3A%22type%3A+enhancement+%F0%9F%92%A1%22+)
in our enhancement backlog that need design or development work.

### Design kits

This work is all about creating and updating reusable components is Figma.
You'll get valuable Figma experience and will collaborate with the Figma Guild.
Check out the
[status of design kits](https://www.figma.com/file/CFMtqV5Nztdbm0mi2UiDLg/Library-%2B-Template-Planning?type=design&node-id=3713-26762&mode=design&t=HqvAYXUeccKNMstT-0)
and get involved by reaching out to the contacts listed.

### Website documentation

All components and patterns require usage, style, code, and accessibility
guidance on the Carbon website. You can learn how to contribute documentation
smoothly and utilize our markdown templates on the

> [documentation](contributing/documentation/) page. A list of components that

Reviewer 2: The "documentation" link gives me a 404.

Author: Thanks! I missed a '/'

still need documentation help can be found
[here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/issues/2085).

### Fixing issues and bugs

If you find a bug in the source code, you can help us by
[filling out a bug report](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues/new/choose)
and, ideally, submitting a pull request with a fix.

### Icons and pictograms

You can find instructions on how to create and contribute

> [UI icons](https://www.ibm.com/design/language/iconography/ui-icons/contribute),

Reviewer 2: Should `App icons` and `Pictograms` also be capitalized in this case like they are on IDL or should they be lower case?

Author: I think they are only capitalized in the LHN but when I checked out the docs pages (i.e. design tab) they were lowercased so I will keep them as is.

Reviewer 2: Got it!

[app icons](https://www.ibm.com/design/language/iconography/app-icons/production),
and
[pictograms](https://www.ibm.com/design/language/iconography/pictograms/contribute)
on the IBM Design Language site.

## The process

Whether you're contributing code, designs, or documentation, there's a process
to follow. Here's what it looks like:

### 1. Find a project to work on

#### Volunteer for existing work

The best way to volunteer is to look through
[existing GitHub issues](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22community+contribution%22)
labeled with `community contribution`. You can also filter by
[developer](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22community+contribution%22++label%3A%22role%3A+dev+%F0%9F%A4%96%22_)
or
[designer](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22community+contribution%22++label%3A%22role%3A+design+%3Apencil2%3A%22+)

> roles. Put a comment in the issue saying you'd like the help.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
roles. Put a comment in the issue saying you'd like to help.
```

The Carbon team is also happy to help you find a good first issue. Just stop by

> our [office hours](/whats-happening/meetups/) or send us a slack message.

Reviewer 2: You could link to the anchor link for Office hours here if you want it to be more direct.

issue! Your idea will then go through a triage process by the Carbon team.

### 2. Iterate and get feedback

Most contributors work in groups of 2-3 and either set up weekly sessions or
join [meetups](/whats-happening/meetups/) such as the Figma Guild, Data Viz
Guild, or office hours. In these sessions, it is common to share work in
progress and ask lots of questions. As you make progress, update your GitHub
issue.

### 3. Review and publish

#### Code deliverables

Work that results in code will be reviewed directly in a pull request.
Maintainers will be reviewing your work and making comments, asking questions
and suggesting changes to be made before they merge your code. When you need to
make a change, commit and push to your branch normally. Once all revisions to
your pull request are complete, a maintainer will squash and merge your commits
for you.

#### Contributor License Agreement

The Carbon core team is part of IBM. To accept contributions, we need a signed
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) from you before code contributions can be
reviewed and merged. You will be prompted to do this in your PR, but if you have
questions, please don't hesitate

> to [reach out](help/contact-us/#slack-channels).

Reviewer 2: I am getting a 404 for this "reach out" link.

Author: thanks! I missed a '/'
